feat(uapi): add mfa procedure (#1758)
scaleway/docs-content: console/my-account/how-to/accept-invitation-new-scw-account.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to activate a new account after being invited to an Organization
  description: This page explains how to activate a new account after being invited to an Organization
  h1: How to activate a new account after being invited to an Organization
  paragraph: This page explains how to change the color scheme of the Scaleway console

> tags: color-scheme change color theme dark-mode change-color

Reviewer: think the tags need updating

dates:
  validation: 2023-06-05
  posted: 2023-06-15
categories:
  - console
---

> When a Scaleway user invites you to join their Organization you receive an invitation via email. If do not yet have a Scaleway account upon receiving this email, you will not be able to effectively join the Organization.

Reviewer 2: Missing the you: "If YOU do not have..."

Author: ```suggestion
When a Scaleway user invites you to join their Organization you receive an invitation via email. If you do not yet have a Scaleway account upon receiving this email, you will not be able to effectively join the Organization.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Something I don't understand in your doc: if we are talking about an organization that does not enforce MFA, the sentence "If do not yet have a Scaleway account upon receiving this email, you will not be able to effectively join the Organization." is false.

You can follow the steps below to activate your Scaleway account and join the Organization you were invited to.

1. Click **Accept Invitation** in the email you received inviting you to join an existing Scaleway Organization.
    <Message type="important">
      When you click the link, you are redirected to the Scaleway console. Since you do not have a Scaleway account at this point, you will not be able to log into the console.
    </Message>
2. Go back to your personal email mailbox.
3. Check if you have received an email from Scaleway with the following subject: **[Action Required] Confirm Your Scaleway Account**.
4. Open the email if you have received it.
    <Message type="important">

>       If you have not received the email, check that it has not been sent to SPAM. If it is not in your SPAM folder, wait a while longer to see if you will receive the email. You can also contact the person who invited you to re-send the invitation. If none of these options work, open a ticket and [contact our support team](https://console.scaleway.com/support/tickets).

Reviewer: Will they be able to open a ticket if they don't have an account?

Author: yes, I checked!

    </Message>
5. Read through the Scaleway Terms of Service and Data Protection Agreement. You can find them in the PDFs attached to the email.
6. Click **I Accept Scaleway's Terms Of Service And I Accept Scaleway's Data Protection Agreement**. You are redirected to a page in the Scaleway console, confirming you have successfully accepted the Terms of Service and Data Protection Agreement.

> 7. Click **Go to Scaleway console**. You are redirected to the log in screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Click **Go to Scaleway console**. You are redirected to the login screen.
```

Author: yes, I checked!
